node-api: run finalizers directly from GC (#42651)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

be invoked. Therefore, when obtaining a reference a finalize callback is also
required in order to enable correct disposal of the reference.

#### `node_api_post_finalizer`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```c
napi_status node_api_post_finalizer(napi_env env,
                                    napi_finalize finalize_cb,
                                    void* finalize_data,
                                    void* finalize_hint);
```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the API is invoked under.
* `[in] finalize_cb`: Native callback that will be used to free the
  native data when the JavaScript object has been garbage-collected.
  [`napi_finalize`][] provides more details.
* `[in] finalize_data`: Optional data to be passed to `finalize_cb`.
* `[in] finalize_hint`: Optional contextual hint that is passed to the
  finalize callback.

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

Schedules `napi_finalize` callback to be called asynchronously in the
event loop.

> This API must be called inside of a finalizer if it must call any code
> that may affect the state of GC (garbage collector).
> 
> The finalizers are called while GC collects objects. At that point of time
> calling any API that may cause changes in GC state will cause unpredictable
> behavior and crashes. The `node_api_post_finalizer` helps to work around
> this limitation by running code outside of the GC finalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, finalizers are called while the GC (garbage collector) collects
objects. At that point calling any Node-API that may cause changes in the GC
state will be disabled and will return `napi_cannot_run_js`.

`node_api_post_finalizer` helps to work around this limitation by allowing the
add-on to defer calls to such Node-APIs to a point in time outside of the GC
finalization.
```

Author: Updated the text with the suggested edit except that the Node.js crashes and does not return `napi_cannot_run_js`.

be invoked. Therefore, when obtaining a reference a finalize callback is also
required in order to enable correct disposal of the reference.

#### `node_api_post_finalizer`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```c
napi_status node_api_post_finalizer(napi_env env,
                                    napi_finalize finalize_cb,
                                    void* finalize_data,
                                    void* finalize_hint);
```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the API is invoked under.
* `[in] finalize_cb`: Native callback that will be used to free the
  native data when the JavaScript object has been garbage-collected.
  [`napi_finalize`][] provides more details.
* `[in] finalize_data`: Optional data to be passed to `finalize_cb`.
* `[in] finalize_hint`: Optional contextual hint that is passed to the
  finalize callback.

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

> Schedules `napi_finalize` callback to be called asynchronously in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedules a `napi_finalize` callback to be called asynchronously in the
```
